=== S1901M ===
PARSABLE OUTPUT:
{
    "summary": "In the S1901M phase, most powers maintained their positions without any territorial gains. Austria’s orders to hold Bud and Tri were successful, while Vienna’s attempt to move toward Boh did not effect a change. Similarly, England’s fleets ordered to move from Edinburgh to NWG and from London to ENG, as well as the army’s order from Liverpool to Yorkshire, ended up holding their original positions. France’s orders—Brest holding, Marseille holding, and Paris’s attempted move toward Burgundy—left their centers unchanged. Germany’s orders to maneuver from Kiel to Holland and Berlin to Kiel, with Munich held solid, also resulted in no change. Italy’s coordinated move, with Rome advancing toward Apulia and supported by Venice, did not alter the board, leaving all Italian units in their home centers. Russia and Turkey likewise issued orders that left their units in place. Overall, no moves or supports managed to dislodge an enemy or capture additional centers this turn, and the board remains as it was, with no retreats necessary."
}

=== F1901M ===
This turn was marked primarily by holds and bounced moves rather than successful offensives. Austria solidified its position by holding in BUD, TRI, and its newly gained BOH after losing VIE. England’s units (NWG, ENG, and YOR) largely remained in place even though NWG attempted a move toward NAO and ENG toward NTH, suggesting these advances were rebuffed. France tried to expand with BRE moving toward ENG and coordinated MAR’s move to GAS supported by BUR; however, none of these efforts resulted in a change of position, even as France’s unit composition shifted with the gain of BUR and loss of PAR.

On the German side, although KIE attempted to provide support (for a move on RUH) that was ultimately voided, both MUN and HOL stayed put. Germany’s overall composition was adjusted by gaining HOL and KIE while losing BER and its previous KIE. Italy’s maneuver to send VEN to TRI bounced, and even though ION was ordered to convoy APU toward GRE, both APU and VEN were forced to remain in their starting positions, highlighting a failed attempt to contest territory. 

Russia also saw mixed results: while FIN’s planned move to SWE held, SEV’s advance toward BLA bounced. UKR and WAR held steady, maintaining Russia’s influence. In Turkey’s case, BLA and BUL held firm while the attempt to move CON toward BUL was bounced, even as Turkey gained BUL and BLA and lost SMY and ANK. 

Overall, this phase saw several attempted advances and support orders (including a voided support from Germany’s KIE) that ultimately resulted in a board state where most units held their positions despite the underlying shifts in power composition from previous gains and losses.

=== W1901A ===
PARSABLE OUTPUT:
{
    "summary": "In the W1901A phase, several orders had mixed outcomes. Germany’s fleet from Berlin acted as ordered, while Italy’s orders split: the army in Naples appears to have executed its move, but the fleet from Rome had its order voided. Russia’s fleet from St. Petersburg successfully carried out its action, and Turkey’s order from Ankara was implemented while its Smyrna order was voided. In addition, notable board changes took place. England bolstered its forces with new fleets (F NTH and F NAO) even as it lost others (F NWG and F ENG). France improved its position by gaining A GAS and F ENG while losing F BRE and A MAR. Germany expanded by acquiring the HOL center, and Italy both adjusted its unit complement—gaining A GRE while losing A APU—and secured the GRE center. Russia added a fleet (F SWE), shed F FIN, and claimed the SWE center, while Turkey captured the BUL center. There were no retreats, and overall, the phase featured a mixture of successful orders and voided moves that led to subtle shifts in unit placement and territorial influence."
}

